yo what's going on guys you're through
modern not today i gonna present you
another game on frou-frou lon ma no more
to this time is going to be on terminal
with a my intervention and you will see
it's a pretty fast game i did for use i
would hope you guys will enjoy this
little game i will have my pave low the
very soon just after its first dead just
right there i have but yeah we'd hope
you guys will enjoy this little game if
you enjoy please drop a like it's always
appreciated and yeah so today i want to
talk a little bit about my kill street i
use on free-for-all as usually i always
use the UV at three kill street it's
always useful like to use UAV and at
civil at seven kill Street yeah I use
the area and I have to pave low right
after this as you probably know because
i always use those the skill street but
um you probably know that then you
probably have one time the paper low in
your life if you play this game but um
you know people oh it's over power man
it's it's so funny because sometimes you
know i play with chopper gunner and i do
less kill then then the pave low
sometimes i use the chopper gunner and
maybe i will do like I'll do like maybe
10 kills and you know my people can do a
lot more kill of this and I mean
something is wrong it you know the papal
oh is nine kills street and the chopper
gunner is 11 kill street and sometimes I
I better like to use a pavelow because
you know you can do your own you can eat
your own shit while the pave low is
doing some kills for you and you know
the chopper gunner you need you need to
control it but yeah so yeah the pillow
is very over power and I mean on ghost
if you play ghost at nine kills Street
you have like a Nilla capture I mean and
this helicopter is is on mon amour two
is seven kill Street I think I at ghost
the nine kills street is it's the same
Allah capture we have if you got seven
kills three
I'm afraid to so I mean I i think the l
a-- copter and goes it's a little bit
less powerful identity pave low and mon
amour fight you but you will see my next
video before my montage so I mean the
video i will upload i think tuesday you
will see it's a free-for-all game on mon
amour fight you on rust naturally I
don't I don't play on rust because I
don't have this map a lot of time but
you will see the papal oh I will have
will do like 10 kills I think if I
remember or maybe more but you will see
the pave low will is so overpower you
will see in this game it's so stupid but
yes so I think it's pretty offered this
video it was very quick so yeah if you
enjoyed this little game please drop a
like and don't forget to subscribe it's
always appreciated guys and see you soon
in my next video and take care I melt
boots
one